Strawberry basil lemonade is one of my favorite
drinks of all times and you can either make
it non-alcoholic or alcoholic depending on
who you're serving it to and it's just the
perfect refreshing drink on a hot day. Learn
how to cook it step by step with me on Appetites®.
Here are the ingredients for the strawberry
basil lemonade. Fresh basil, eight to ten
strawberries, ten lemons, a half a cup of
vodka, four cups of water, and three fourths
cups of fine sugar. To start, you're going
to want to slice all of the lemons in half.
Next you're going to want to juice all the
lemons, it's going to be about one cup juiced.
Here's a little tip, when using a juicer,
turn the lemon flesh side down so none of
the juice sprays up on you. It also ensures
you get the most juice out of the lemon.
Cut the green parts off of the
strawberries and set them aside.
Go ahead and give the basil a rough chop. Don't worry about giving it too fine of a chop because
it's going to go into an immersion blender
later. In a large pitcher combine the lemon
juice, water, and sugar.
And stir it around with the bottom of a wooden spoon. I like to use the bottom of a wooden spoon. I'm not
sure why, but it totally works for me.
Next add the strawberries to the pitcher one by
one.
After that you're going to finish it off with the basil.
Using an immersion blender,
blend the mixture for about 20 seconds just until it turns pink and the basil is finely shredded. If you don't have an immersion blender,
you can transfer this whole mixture to a regular
blender and do it that way.
The next step is totally optional, but I'm going to add a half cup of vodka.
Make sure to stir it well so not all of the vodka is sitting on the top of your pitcher.
This looks like it settled. Not to worry. Just use the bottom of your wooden spoon and stir it up before
serving. Strawberry basil lemonade is a super
refreshing drink that's great all year round.